  The Shop - allow for acquired treasure to be offloaded for gold.
           That gold can be used to heal/restore the stamina of 
           one of your hunters or hire a new hunter! There are 10
	   hunters in total with 2 unlocked at the start of the game.
	   When your current hunters have wracked up enough gold, you 
	   can take a spin at the Hunter Hiring Machine and see which
	   random new hunter answers your call for help.
  Luck of the Draw - I'm rather proud of this one. The game is designed
           to allow for any one of four different types of treasure
	   hunts to be pursued at one time. Essentially, each is more 
	   difficult than the last (in terms of danger and cost), but
	   also offers an improved loot table. There is a system in place
	   behind the scenes that utilizes the Luck value inherent to each
	   character in order to determine the results of the hunt. More 
	   specifically, the higher your luck, the more likely you are to
	   get the best loot for that difficulty and the less likely you are
	   to get hurt in the process (some characters struggle with this,
	   but there's one character who is basically the embodiment of Luck
	   and never really wants for anything).
  Specialties - The plan is for each unique hunter to have its own special 
  	   area of treasure-hunting expertise (for instance Neera, the water
	   spirit, is great at getting at submerged treasures while blubbery 
	   Keko is best-suited for icy ruins). A hunter's particular expertise 
	   would grant him/her/it a buff to luck on any hunts attempted on 
	   their home turf. Alas, it was relegated to a stretch goal. I'll 
	   probably add this next.

NOTES:
	Bugs: I've actually been pretty thorough with my squashing, so I don't
	    know of any current bugs. That said, they're sure to be out there.
	Tips: The game actually starts off pretty difficult. Your first two
	    hunters are obvious greenhorns, so they can have a hard time. It's
	    highly recommended that you watch their health closely between
	    hunts, as they can actually die rather easily. The best strategy 
	    for "clearing" this game (i.e. buying all of the hunters and 
	    running out of things to do) is to babysit your gimme hunters,
	    save up, and slowly purchase the better hunters. Healing can be 
	    rather expensive in a pinch, so be careful! Also, death is 
	    eternal, and so is the grieving process. Dead hunters will 
	    actually persist in your Roster and character Details pages,
	    forever heckling you for your failures.  
